I'm going to take off the pants, too.
You can be angry later.
I'd rather have you hate me for this
than let something happen to you.
I hope you feel better soon.
There's no way I could ever hate you.
Not ever.
♫ Princess, love is a song ♫
♫ I don't want to let you go ♫
♫ I wanna be with you, my love♫
♫ I can't wait to you ♫
♫ My one and only Princess, love is sweet, sweet ♫
♫ Because I want to feel it ♫
​♫ No need for complicated words ♫
♫ Hey, Princess, love is a song ♫
♫ I don't want to let you go ♫
♫ Hug me, hug me, hug me tight ♫
♫ Let me say, "I'm lovin' you" ♫
​♫ Let me be your one and only ♫
[Secret Love with Prince]­
Brother?
Azusa?
You were happy with watching us
on TV anyway, right?
Why not just go back to doing that?
Goodbye.
Sorry, I woke you up.
No.
I think you're almost
back to normal body temperature.
What's wrong?
Please don't go.
I'm begging you.
Please don't go anywhere.
Don't hate me.
There's no way I would hate you.
I love you a lot.
- But you...
- Sorry.
I...
I don't like myself when I'm your boyfriend.
- Huh?
- I'm insecure, I get jealous easily,
I lose my cool all the time,
and I really want to keep you for myself.
Until the award show,
I can't have my focus shift off work.
That's why I said
to go back to being just siblings.
I'm sorry.
Please don't say sorry.
Right now, I'm too stressed out,
and I know things are a bit weird.
But I want to do my best.
I'll definitely show you
that I'm the coolest prince in the world.
I will always be number one.
So...
watch me up close.
Is it okay if I kiss you?
No.
- Why not?
- I mean, definitely not right now.
- Why?
- When I say no, it means no.
- Why not?
- Geez!
I'm trying hard not to make a move!
I told you, once I'm off the stage,
I'm just a regular high school guy.
Yeah. Me too. When it's just the two of us,
I want you to be your usual self.
Then, just in these moments,
can I have the famous Prince Azusa
all to myself?
You just said no kissing!
Can you say it again about what you just said?
I want to hear it when you're feeling better.
When that time comes, let's continue this kiss. Okay?
Okay.
Please enjoy the food.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- You just told me not to leave out tomatoes.
I can't handle tomatoes.
If that's the case, you're not qualified
to eat Matsuri's food. Spit it out!
- Seconds, please.
- Oh, me too!
- Don't make me shove it in your mouth!
- Don't eat too much, okay?
Especially Kei, you're prone to gaining weight.
Me? Why am I getting caught in crossfire?
Let's all try to eat quietly.
Agreed.
Oh? We agree for once.
- It's delicious, Matsuri.
- I'm glad you like our home cooking.
It's really delicious.
Whoa, geez! What the heck is this?
- Make sure you eat it.
- What?
Subaru, is the article true?
- Is it true?
- Please say something.
Oh? That's your partner.
- What?
- Is it true that you cast your lover
in your debut music video's leading role?
Okay. There will be no comments at the moment.
Please calm down for a moment.
Please do not take photos.
[Subaru cast his lover
in his debut music video's leading role]
No, that's not right.
It's not what they all think.
They've totally twisted the truth.
First of all, I'm the one
who recommended her for the music video.
The truth doesn't matter.
The article is out.
It's what they do.
Bring someone riding high down to the ground.
It's a common tactic.
Let's discuss this in the office.
The training camp is canceled.
Don't leave the house.
We aren't even that close.
Matsuri.
Don't worry, everything's fine.
No.
[Isn't that how male idols are?]
He's not like that.
[Spending money on them is a waste.]
He's not like that at all.
You seem preoccupied with Subaru.
Sorry.
I understand you're worried and anxious.
Just take some rest.
It's okay.
Subaru is the one having a hard time.
Even so, it's my job to worry about you.
Listen to what I'm saying.
It's okay to worry about Subaru.
Thank you.
Actually, I don't really like it.
It's so complicated.
Sorry.
But, Azusa, isn't there anything we can do?
Like what?
I don't know.
- Maybe I should talk to the weekly magazine.
- That's impossible.
But maybe they'll publish the article.
- That's not a good idea.
- But Subaru's name is entangled.
- This is the kind of job we're doing.
- That's not how it should be!
Tell me one thing, Matsuri.
Me from Terzetto...
and Subaru from Prism.
Who do you like?
What are you talking about?
- Of course, it's you.
- Then, if it were between me...
and Subaru that you loved long ago?
Isn't it true that you feel most secure
with Subaru?
Isn't it Subaru who makes you feel at ease?
Maybe you didn't realize it
because he was always too close.
But hasn't it always been Subaru...
who has always had feelings for you?
Matsuri.
I'm sorry.
Yamato.
What are you doing, little sis?
Where's Subaru?
He's talking with the boss.
Looks like it's going to take a while.
Then I'll wait outside.
It's cold.
It's okay.
You shouldn't. The media is here, too.
I'm saying this because I'm worried, you know.
Do you understand?
You're too close.
Didn't we already kiss once?
You guys kissed?
Oh, it's nothing.
Didn't you say you recommended her
for the music video?
Could it be, in fact,
it wasn't Subaru, but you two who were together...
That's not it!
Yamato isn't like that.
There's no deeper meaning at all.
Matsuri.
Why're you...
You're getting wet.
Subaru, I'm going to the magazine
to explain that it's a misunderstanding.
Don't do it. There's no need.
Don't get involved unnecessarily.
It's troublesome.
I don't want to drag you into this.
You idiot.
But as your childhood friend,
I can prove it. Right?
Subaru has always been kind, and everyone's hero.
Subaru, the truth is that you're not good
at coddling or being vulnerable.
Please, let me help.
I love you.
Don't go to the publisher.
It's okay.
I'm going to take back all that was taken away.
My position, honor, and you.
I'm not the unreliable person I used to be.
Don't underestimate me.
I'm an idol, the ace of Prism.
You're back.
Come on, let's wash your feet.
I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
What do you mean?
You shook off my hand
and ran to Subaru instead?
Or is there something else
you want me to feel guilty about?
I'm really sorry,
for running out when you were worried about me.
I was going to tell Subaru that I was
planning on going to the magazine company.
But Subaru stopped me.
So...
Did he make a move on you?
What?
Of course he did.
When you're going through a tough time,
when someone you love dearly
thinks about you all the time,
and worries about you,
it's naturally endearing.
It's hard to hold back your emotions.
From this moment...
be mine.
It hurts.
Sorry, I didn't mean to...
You just took me by surprise.
I'm sorry.
Only Subaru is being suspended.
Why isn't Yamato here?
I wonder if he got the time wrong.
He hasn't read the message yet.
Did you hear that the commercial was canceled, too?
Yeah, they don't know
how much penalty we have to pay.
Starting off like this after our debut
is just a disaster.
Don't say that.
There's still something we can do.
What? Why's he here?
So handsome!
Hey.
Can we talk outside for a bit?
- What?
- The uniform is not suitable.
Go home and change first.
I'll come to pick you up.
What?
Kei, why are you here?
I heard Yamato was slacking off here.
Can you say something smart to convince him?
- Me?
- Help out a little.
Please do this. I'll go look for Yamato.
You alone?
No, I'm waiting for someone.
You're super cute.
Let's have a drink together.
Ah... I...
Well then, if you drink this in one go,
I'll let you go.
Let me go!
- Bist du schüchtern?
- Hey, Mann.
Kannst du aufhören, meinen Freund zu ärgern?
Komm, lass uns gehen.
Kei, warum hast du sie mitgebracht?
Ohne Köder würden Sie weglaufen.
Warum schwänzen Sie den Unterricht?
Der Unterricht ist jetzt bedeutungslos.
Egal, was wir tun, Prism ist vorbei.
Ein Skandal in dieser Zeit bedeutet für uns das Ende.
Yamato, das stimmt nicht.
Ich habe eine Mitfahrgelegenheit bestellt,
also kümmern Sie sich bitte bis dahin darum.
Hä?
Yamato, komm zurück.
Prism ist noch nicht vorbei.
Sie und Subaru auch nicht.
Du hast ihn gehört. Die Fahrt kommt.
Warten Sie vor der Bar.
Ich bringe dich dorthin.
Hey, komm mit uns nach Hause.
Im Moment machst du dir Sorgen um Subaru,
und die für Sie wichtigste ist Azusa, richtig?
Lass mich einfach in Ruhe.
Ich kann dich unmöglich allein lassen.
Ich weiß, wie ernst Ihnen Prism
und Ihr Idoldasein sind.
Du meinst es unglaublich ernst, ich weiß!
- Deshalb...
- bin ich deprimiert!
Weil du mich nicht ausgewählt hast.
Hä?
Ich fühle mich wie ein Idiot.
Das wollte ich nie sagen.
Ich hasse es wirklich, wenn andere mich aus dem Takt bringen.
Aber wenn du dabei bist,
werde ich die ganze Zeit einfach nur albern.
Sogar jetzt bin ich wirklich besorgt.
Ich habe Angst davor, was passieren wird, wenn Prism vorbei ist.
Ich hasse es.
Prism ist für mich wie eine Familie.
Nicht nur Subaru leidet.
Schau mich doch einmal an!
Yamato.
Wahrscheinlich viel mehr, als ich zugeben möchte …
Ich mag dich.
Was?
Ich will dich
und bin verzweifelter als sonst.
Hallo, entschuldigen Sie die Unterbrechung.
Wir filmen, lächeln Sie für die Kamera!
Hey!
Ah. Ich dachte, ich hätte dich erkannt.
Du bist Prisms Yamato.
Sie sehen ganz anders aus
, als Sie im Fernsehen aussehen.
- Hey!
- Nee, du kommst nicht an sie heran.
Ich werde Ihren Schwarm auf die gleiche Weise in Verlegenheit bringen
und es in den sozialen Medien viral machen.
Wenn es Ihnen nicht gefällt, können Sie wütend werden.
Sagen Sie, dass die Idol-Persönlichkeit eine reine Lüge war.
Andernfalls schütte ich das ganze Getränk über sie.
Du weißt nichts,
also steh mir nicht im Weg!
Was ist falsch daran, wenn ein Idol
versucht, bei seinen Fans ein bestimmtes Image aufrechtzuerhalten?
Es ist überhaupt nicht einfach, die Fassung zu behalten, ohne die Leute zu enttäuschen .
Zumindest gibt er sich große Mühe
, für seine Fans das Idealbild zu sein.
Die Leute erzählen immer wieder Wahrheiten und Lügen,
aber jeder versucht verzweifelt,
ein Lächeln auf seinem Gesicht zu behalten.
Wie kann man das nicht verstehen?
Hör auf, Scheiße zu reden, du Göre!
Das war knapp.
Bist du verletzt?
Azusa?
[Dieses Drama ist Fiktion.]
Keine Aufführung des Terzetts.
[Terzetto in einer echten Zwickmühle?]
Ich entschuldige mich.
[Bereit, wegen einer Verletzung aufzugeben]
Ich zeige es dir.
Sind Sie wirklich zufrieden mit
[Prism – eine schicksalshafte Live-Performance!]
die freundliche und ideale Version von uns?
[Mögen alle Gefühle durchkommen!]
Willst du danach bei mir abhängen?
[Die turbulente Schlussfolge]
Ich werde es beweisen.
[Was ist das Schicksal der Liebe zwischen Azusa und Matsuri?]
Dein Platz ist direkt an meiner Seite.
[Was ist das Schicksal der Liebe von Azusa und Matsuri?]